Update CRC porting guide (#14)
MCU-Driver-HAL/MCU-Driver-HAL: docs/porting/api/crc.md

The MCU-Driver-HAL API provides a set of conformance tests for hardware CRC. You can use these tests to validate the correctness of your implementation.

> To run the hardware CRC HAL tests, follow the generic testing instructions in your vendor's driver implementation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `MCU-Driver-HAL/tests/mbed_hal/ticker/crc` -- verify the CRC driver implementation, see [paragraph above](#defined-behavior),

To run the hardware CRC HAL tests, follow the testing instructions in your vendor's driver implementation.
```
